Coursera.Org
1. I am a student at the Faculty of Technology at Dharmsinh Desai College. I am pursuing my B.Tech in Information Technology field. This course will help me in my college work as well as my personal growth. I want to build a strong resume for the interviews and your organization is one of the best ones so, I think your certificate will help me to be successful. But I have no job of my own to carry the expanses for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship which is very low. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult to buy this course and get the certificate. Kindly, provide me this financial aid and give me the course free of cost so that I can learn through your course. I assure you I will be thankful to the whole Coursera organization and I will be helpful to you in the future.

2. I want to complete my B.Tech Degree with some well-known source’s help in this field like Coursera organization. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Technical stuff and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. I believe in learning, do hard-work and grow the method of life. Your course will me with this and really need your help. You can help by providing this course as free to me.

3. Financial Aid will help me to take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I am badly in need of your support. Kindly, provide me this financial aid and give me the course free of cost so that I can learn through your course
	

